The Gaming Room owns an Android mobile gaming app, and requested services from Creative Technology Solutions to expand their game to a web-based multiplayer game application. The software design template that I created outlines my recommendations on the operating platform, operating system architecture, storage management requirements, memory management considerations, distributed systems and networks, and security factors for this expansion. 

As a novice transitioning into computer science from a different field, I initially had limited knowledge regarding systems and cloud architecture. This project helped me develop a much broader vocabulary and understanding of how the top three operating systems compare and their industrial applications. Through substantial research, including peer-reviewed scholarly articles and tech educational websites, I was able to formulate up-to-date recommendations. I was particularly impressed by the extensive list of programming languages and open-source applications for project development accessible by anyone - from amateurs to large corporations.

If I were to revise any component of this project, I would focus on adding more information about developing apps within Linux. Although it appears to still be a niche platform on the global scale, the security protections that it contains are significant benefits over Windows. Several online sources stated that Linux contains various limitations of building applications on that system, on the other hand. I did not feel confident in recommending Linux for the client because it was not clear whether The Gaming Room had the technical infrastructure to install Linux with enough developers and IT staff to support the transition. I also read that Windows is still the most widespread operating system used around the world, but why is this system preferred considering the significant security risks that it has over other platforms? That would be a worthwhile exploration.

One of the challenges in trying to meet the client's needs was the lack of information provided in the beginning of the project; for example, about their own preferences and technology infrastructure. This background information could have greatly influenced the final recommendations in the software design template. As a result, I decided to base my recommendations on common needs through extensive research. Moving forward, I would prefer submitting a proposal after consulting with the client more extensively and survey their facilities. This would likely minimize their costs with faster delivery of the product. 
